am i being sought out and when i meet you and i like to talk about what they can help you you can deviate yet with a state that i passed it on the sea view on an audience diffusion i like to talk of what knowledge of law at the oddly not laid like i thought what is not a people who are planning to meet on lately what will create a leaky that right just let us have a hunch that is the final nodding you go to create you to write to us than i had aged well then you're you get now that combination of the subject is the market that eating them to end in lake city it's been you you bring us the camp that the asian and then you've got is a whole lot of the yellow light to do is you know i'm not really want to learn the u. s. senate at that he just knew that it yet he gets them being sloppy just the visa pizzas on becomes he patient so that the team that had been used on the east melnick redefined i said not lately what to be a leaky appetite just met with patty that's why does the canal or lack of it and get on up when they they use a felony to galas creativity creativity huge do pinky pinky or i gnarly nor the next few great caller made me feel great then they need you mean that gavin de beni harmony the whole get in your view they get up and then economy will then they eat coddling he will then he's gotten the nation and the thought that he thought an invasion betty's bees of the long how how yet to be and you get that that peace in the woollen this docking flight in this fact they just got to whine in righteousness the hot how'd you get the right does not know the best they say yes i'm in a less the gullibility that had just met evaded beating you you are getting high in the bill blunt last season and a day late and a than sign this segment of plastic gloves and t. b. faith in government not yet every bit of mom and dad's convicts caught in this kind eight to the defiant crowded he might have it happen you put an x. for pot granted it is a felony while the credit card by the problems i'm sexy why then you and what he thought the u. as they do not lay nation i will look a little bit crime rate is like seethe fact that in all of the region's soul friends thought value now watch like he is them with a fat and less likely i'd be okay and is that an city and now then that's what makes at this and like to discuss the hugh i wish my feet i'm sure they've seen haldeman's you how the beady maybe go management at the are professional class family lydia to make a difference to the d. n. a deep ravine yeah the they'd never let they wouldn't let raphael who are they needed by killing the feeling that he now i'm going to make the best and that is the new profile happening to get the eclipse the new water with them but you do what he actually is a fifth somebody some people read the public health nor did we got great sign it if you had all he'll hang on to become a great maybe get out maybe get doctors colony of you didn't read it out of a comedy of your beloved lots lots of me of what they did they would let them out of the id you i mean you yell at the buy what would be that that on me this is a good number one be the beat them a little fun and the u. s. that yet the plot which the willow the lid deal a lot of thought that i might have to patients a day for cannot afford not the late meeting he repeated i can ease the don't you read region may be on it that in a yellow he may have met at minimum cost that the man was going till going to rule ready yet for that you do that the u. of i love the model remove one of them want all that night late at night they what they mean more than a copy suffering humanity all this happening my kate smyth and eighth ninth n. n. new zealand how